because what's up is Mario from action
ology and today we're going to be taking
a look at the best apps for the iPhone
5s now this worked for the iPhone 5s the
iPhone 5 the iPhone 5c or any other AI
device you have but particularly I'm
going to look out for the 5s 5c and 5
the first app we're going to take a look
at is called insta size so in size is a
app for Instagram and what it lets you
do is upload a picture that is usually
too big to upload on Instagram and will
pretty much do is zoom out of the
picture and you will be able to upload
it to Instagram the full quality and the
way it looks so cool thing about the app
or that you can add borders and such to
the pictures with different colors so
overall this app is pretty useful and I
usually use this a lot because a lot of
pictures I take on Instagram for
Instagram I can not usually upload the
full size I want so I usually use in
sized upload the whole picture the
second app is called giant boulder of
depth which is an amazing game which I
spend playing every day which spend time
playing every day you are placed in
position of a boulder going down a
mountain just to run everything in your
way and in the obstacles the game
progresses it gets harder and you have
to avoid moving objects while still
maintaining your speed the game gives
you high scores and new things head down
and take down and some things you have
to avoid during the game there are also
new objects and power-ups that you can
acquire as you get better at the game
the game is very good to have and great
to play when you have a couple minutes
to spare here and there every day the
next and final app is called easily do
and it is a time-saving app - slash
to-do app now lets you create different
tasks and these are based on your
location or maybe on your Facebook
account or your email and I'll let you
know your daily commute or if your
schedule or if there is a bad weather in
your area if you think it's your
Facebook account it will show you your
friends birthdays or important posts or
tag photos of you and overall this is a
great app
and it is you even has a timer that
shows you how much time this app is
saved you now if every minute means a
lot to you
you should definitely download easily do
it will save you a lot of time and it's
free in the App Store so you guys this
has been my top apps for the iPhone 5s
if you liked the video make sure that
like mine down below subscribe for
future content share this video I'm
Twitter and I'll catch you guys in the
next video peace guys